src/components/Condition/Condition.stories.mdx, before:

import { Meta, Story, ArgsTable, Canvas } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks'
import Condition from './'
import { Builder } from './Condition.storiesHelpers'

<Meta
  title="Components/Forms/Condition"
  component={Condition}
  parameters={{
    design: {
      type: 'figma',
      url:
        'https://www.figma.com/file/Wp9mDxTvWicSTWtezj2ImkMP/HSDS-Product?node-id=2582%3A8717',
    },
  }}
/>

# Condition

A Condition is a single item that renders within a `ConditionList`.
It's values are represented by a collection of `ConditionFields` and various Form elements such as Inputs and Selects.

<Canvas>
  <Story name="default">
    <Builder />
  </Story>
</Canvas>

#### Reference

- **Designer**: Buzz
- **Engineering**: Juan Pablo
- **Usage**: HsApp (Messages)

<br />
<br />

### Props

<ArgsTable of={Condition} />

<br />
<br />

## Condition.Operator

A Condition.Operator renders an "And" or "Or" interface, used to visually group Conditions or `ConditionFields` together. This component is used internally by Condition and `ConditionField`.

### Props

<ArgsTable of={Condition.Operator} />

## Condition.AddButton

A Condition.AddButton renders an "And" or "Or" interface. It is an action used to add Conditions or `ConditionFields`. This component is used internally by Condition and `ConditionField`.

### Props

<ArgsTable of={Condition.AddButton} />

Commit message:

Enhance conditions components for a new Messages builder (#912)
* Allow to select between AND and OR conjunctions for condition group

* Add possibility to not display dropdown for a options in Condition

* Used DropList for a conjunction toggle

* Change chevron direction when menu opened

src/components/Condition/Condition.stories.mdx, after:

import { Meta, Story, ArgsTable, Canvas } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks'
import Condition from './'
import { Builder } from './Condition.storiesHelpers'

<Meta
  title="Components/Forms/Condition"
  component={Condition}
  parameters={{
    design: {
      type: 'figma',
      url:
        'https://www.figma.com/file/Wp9mDxTvWicSTWtezj2ImkMP/HSDS-Product?node-id=2582%3A8717',
    },
  }}
/>

# Condition

A Condition is a single item that renders within a `ConditionList`.
It's values are represented by a collection of `ConditionFields` and various Form elements such as Inputs and Selects.

<Canvas>
  <Story name="default">
    <Builder />
  </Story>
</Canvas>

#### Reference

- **Designer**: Buzz
- **Engineering**: Juan Pablo
- **Usage**: HsApp (Messages)

<br />
<br />

### Props

<ArgsTable of={Condition} />

<br />
<br />

## Condition.Operator

A Condition.Operator renders an "And" or "Or" interface, used to visually group Conditions or `ConditionFields` together. This component is used internally by Condition and `ConditionField`.

### Props

<ArgsTable of={Condition.Operator} />

## Condition.AddButton

A Condition.AddButton renders an "And" or "Or" interface. It is an action used to add Conditions or `ConditionFields`. This component is used internally by Condition and `ConditionField`.

A Condition.AddButton can have enabled switching between "And" and "Or", by providing `selectableType` flag as `true`

### Props

<ArgsTable of={Condition.AddButton} />
